Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this section, we're going to start creating the functionality in order to upload the video.
Okay.
Not to do this, we're going to need to go to the controller's directory and over here we're going to
create a new file and we can call this upload on this video, then on this call controller.
And then there's section dot.
Dot.
Okay.
Now all we need to do first is to create a class and we can then call this class.
Sorry, not art.
Upload video and controller.
Okay.
Not in step is to create a function in order to be able to upload the picture video.
So we can call this upload video.
Okay.
Now, we are not just going to upload the video.
Right.
We are also going to upload the capture of the video and as well the song name of the video.
So all we can do is we can pass in all those fields.
Okay.
So over here.
Well, there we can.
Okay.
The song name is going to be a test, right?
So we can just go ahead and specify it is a data type of string and we can then say a song name and
as well string.
And.
Cap shunt.
Okay, great.
And all the parts to the video, sir.
So there's going to be a string, and you can also call this video part.
Okay, great.
Great.
Great, great.
Okay.
And now we can then use a try and a catch block.
I think you've seen something similar to this.
Right.
Okay.
Now, the first and we're going to need to do is we are going to get the current logged in user that
is always uploading the.
What is posted on the video link is to do that.
We can go ahead and say strength and unity is going to be equal to five firebase.
Hopefully we have that somewhere.
Okay.
Fabulous arts dot.
Dirt currencies and we can just get the UID out of this or via this.
It can.
It can't be.
No.
Okay.
So if I doubt that Kevin is going to get rid of this.
And although we can dent had this.
Okay.
Now, the next step is we are going to get to the user.
Now you're going to see why we are doing this later in the course.
Definitely.
You might not understand all the process now, but later in the course you're going to see why we are
doing all this.
So we are going to get the user from the first user from the database that is the user's collection.
Okay.
Not to do this all what we just have to say is we can create a variable called user doc and we can specify
it is a type of what documents snapshot because I guess in each are getting a single document documents
and I'm sure it and.
It's going to be equal to.
I think we have to have these.
For our base.
Hopefully we do.
Fabric storage and dot.
Okay.
I think we have in the course their tree accent.
We call this faster.
Faster.
The is going to check this quickly, I think, in the course.
You see what we called it?
Okay.
Yeah.
We called it faster.
Okay.
Q We can go back to this and.
Fire.
Sir.
Okay, collection.
Then you're going to have access to the users collection, right?
And what we can then do is assess historic.
These documents.
Why?
I said the document, not these documents.
Then you are headed by the UID.
That is the current.
Is your idea, right.
Once we want to simply get the comments logged in user.
Okay.
Then we can simply say dot gets.
I think we have this error, so all we need to do is to.
Passing the acyclovir because it takes some time and over a year we needs to wait for it.
You can just use control and B to make this work.
Okay.
Great.
Now the next step is to we are just going to assume we have uploaded the videos.
So we're going to retrieve that video and then we're going to compress it.
Okay, you're going to see this.
Okay.
So what we can do is we can then see all we can do is we can.
They say all dogs create a variable called our dogs.
And it's going to be equal to.
As we'll have these.
Sorry.
Faster.
Darts collection and we can just assume we have video uploaded a video and darts.
Gets the okay.
All dogs.
Okay.
We are going to need to specify.
It is a type of words.
Documents.
Snapshot.
The key.
Documents now.
Okay.
And.
It's very easy to understand.
You're going to see all this very soon.
Okay.
And over here, I think we need to pass this or dogs await their collection.
The collection.
Okay.
I think we have some issues.
Sorry.
We don't really need this.
We just have to specify.
It is a type of var, so any type of variable or any type.
Okay.
Great.
Okay, great.
Now, the next step to do is to get how many videos we have uploaded so far.
That is the length of how many videos we have in the videos collection.
Okay.
Now, to do this, all you have to say is you can specify it is it is going to be a number, I'd say
is the type of intent lent that is going to be equal to this all dogs.
Or dogs.
Then we can just see darts.
The thing about dogs.
So all dogs than dogs that's is each dog, that is each document.
So okay, we are trying to count how many videos we have uploaded so far.
Right.
So we are checking we are saying all dogs, the dogs that is won't assess each documents.
Then you can see I can see that was I made it because I going to be assessed in each document compared
to over a year where we are seeing document snapshots, which means we are just getting a single document.
Okay, to all dogs, dogs, dogs.
Then we can then see that length.
Okay.
And over here are this.
Okay, great.
Now the next step is to upload this video to discourage.
Right.
I think you've seen all this before.
So what we can do is over here, we can just say.
Uploading.
Video.
So age.
So h hopefully I can spell.
Okay.
Sorry.
The case.
Okay.
Now we are going to create the function.
We can just make this a private function by saying, well, this car.
That's okay, that's me is remember I says is variable outside the fly.
And on this call you can see upload video.
To storage.
So it's okay.
And now we can pass on dynamic fields we need.
So whenever we call this function, Lebanon need to pass the value to it.
Okay.
So over here, we can pass the idea of the video string.
I'd hand as well the video parts.
That's what they're going to be uploading, right?
Video parts.
Okay.
And now we can easily upload the video.
By saying, rev, and we can specify the type.
It is a type of reference.
With.
I think.
Okay, this.
Okay.
And now we can say is equal to five days.
Fabio Sturridge, then dartboard darts ref rights.
Okay, we can call the name of the fodder we had.
The videos are going to be uploaded.
We can call it videos and then go chide the chide.
Simply make the animal defiant.
It can be the Heidi.
Okay.
This I'd.
Okay, great.
Now what we can do is we can then we can call that function over here.
Upload what's.
Okay.
You can see it wants us to pass the the I.D. for the value.
What we can see is we can't just see videos, so we.
Videos, then you can use the dollar sign to see Lent.
Okay.
That's.
It's going to be.
It's good to arm video we have.
Right.
So if it is if it is the first video, the idea and the modify of that's video uploaded is going to
be 10456 and so on.
Okay.
And.
As well.
We need this.
Okay.
Now you're going to upload the video to uphold it.
You've already seen us before.
We can then say rest.
Thoughts put.
Fine.
Okay.
And simply say, do with your parts.
Now, before you go for the.
What we need to do is we are going to need to compress that video before uploading it so we don't have
consumption of data.
So we need to first upload.
So Melody's uploading it.
We need to first compressed, compressed video before it gets uploaded.
Okay.
With that, we are going to have used video, but they're going to have just the two sides.
So that's what I think we're just going to do that in the next lecture.
So before and then we can just commit this of so in case you calls this, you can easily just rerun
it later.
Okay?
Like we do understand all this is totally fine.
As the process goes, you can understand everything.
Probably.
We're going to come back to all this later, okay?
Okay, guys, see you.
And in this lecture.